 				BASIC PYTHON PROGRAMS

1.  Program to print two different strings “Hello” and “World” in different lines.
2.  Program to print two different strings “Hello” and “World” in a single line.
3.  Program to add two entered integer values.
4.  Program to subtract two entered integer values.
5.  Program to multiply two entered integer values.
6.  Program to input two integer values and calculate first number raised to the power second
    number.
7.  Program to find the area and perimeter of a rectangle, when the required input (Length and
    Breadth) are entered by the user.
8.  Program to find the area and circumference of a circle, when the radius is entered by the user.
    However, the user can input radius in integer or float.
9.  Program to find the hypotenuse of a right angled triangle, when the base and height are entered
    by the user.
10. Program to input two numbers and print the swapped values of them.
11. Program to find the number of currency notes of each type (Rs. 2000, Rs. 500 and Rs. 100),
    when the total number of currency notes counted altogether is minimum and there must be at
    least a 100 rupee note dispensed. The amount to be withdrawn is to be entered by the user.
12. Program to find whether a triangle is scalene, isosceles, right angled or invalid when the sides of
    the triangle are entered by the user.
13. Program to find the Simple Interest and the total amount when the Principal, Rate of Interest
    and Time are entered by the user.
14. Program to find the Compound Interest compounded annually and the total amount when the
    Principal, Rate of Interest and Time are entered by the user.
15. Program that calculates the number of rectangular tiles required to cover a rectangular floor if
    the dimensions of the floor and the dimensions of a tile are entered by the user.
16. Program to input the number of overs in a Cricket match and output the maximum runs a
    player can score in the match. Assume that there are no extra runs or NO balls in the match
    played. For example, in a 50 over match, the maximum runs scored are 1653.
